In the last lecture we made sure that we show a spinner a loader to the user what's the request is on
its way.
That's of course a good thing to do it improves our user experience because user clearly sees that something
is happening.
It's also an improvement to the user experience if we show error messages in case something fails.
And here again there are different places where you could show such an error message.
I simply want to set up some global error handler which shows a modal Swiftie error message but doesn't
use the modal here because I don't want to be stuck to this container to the Bergere Boulder container.
I don't want to have a flexible way of showing an error no matter which component and which container
it occurs.
So therefore my modal is going to get added to a higher level in the application and I want to have
a higher level off the application so some higher component and Asperger Bodor container where I catch
errors and where I then make sure that my error or modal is displayed.
Now where can we set this up.
How can we control this.
I simply want to create a higher order component with which I can wrap the buger builder or which I'll
actually use in that second way I showed you for using higher order components so that we can simply
wrap any component which should have this error or modal with it and can conveniently add the error
handling functionality to it.
So for this I'm going to create a new higher order component in a folder which I'll name with error
handler.
I'm using this syntax with error handler because I want to use is second way of creating a high order
component which will be used here on the X board and not used as.
X code.
So they're all add added with air handler dot J as file and this file here now will take the following
form.
It will be a function with error handler.
And this should be a function which takes the wrapped component as an input and which then returns a
function which receives props.
And of course simply returns Steese I'm Chia's X including the wrapped component.
So for that we need to import re-act from re-act.
And now here I of course want to return the wrapped component and distribute any Propst this component
might receive on it because I don't know these props but I definitely don't want to lose them.
I then want to export does with error handler function the default.
But now I also want to use my Or add my error or modal.
So for that I need to import two things.
The modal component of course from the components you or I modal folder and there D-Mo. js file.
And since I want to place it next to it I need to alks component from the ox folder in the HLC folder.
So now I can wrap that all with alks like this and at the modal next to it.
Don't use a self-closing tag here because in the modal of course I want to output something.
For now I'll just say something didn't work just like that.
Now we can't find you in this but this is what I want to show right now.
Now let's see if this works if we save this we now have our higher order component.
Let's now use this on the Bergere Boulder.
There I will.
Or it at the top so with error handler starting with a lowercase character because we're not going to
use it j as X and now all navigate to my HNC folder and there are 2D with air handler folder Anthi with
error handler J as follow of course and then take that with error handler function where importing and
wrap the burger Boulder with it like this.
Now with this if we go back to the with air handler function set to show like this so to true simply
on the model if we save this and go back we should always see something didn't work.
Now obviously we only want to show this if we got an error.
So we need to set show to something else and that something else needs to come from the wrapped component
we need that information.
If it did fail to get that information we should add a second argument to our higher order function
here.
The ex-US instance which was used so that we can set up an error handler a global error handler on it.
Now to use staed instance here I will change this functional component into a class based one.
So here I will return class which should now extend the component object from react so I need to import
that class extends component as you can see it's an anonymous class.
I don't set up a name here because I never use that class.
I return it here.
It's a class factory essentially with error handler creates these classes.
No in there we clearly need a render method where we in the end return what we return and our functional
component here.
So simply return that of course prop's is now this prop's since we changed it to a class.
We can't get rid of that part.
Down there now and now with this we can add component did mount here and in component did mount we can
now set up our axes listeners so on the access instance here we can now set up our global interceptor
which also allows us to handle errors so I'll add entire sectors here.
Then responds and then with you is at a function I want to use.
So this function here will get the response and then do something with it but I'm not really interested
in that first argument so I'll pass null here.
The second argument is the one I'm interested in.
That's the error case where I get an error here.
I don't want to show my error or modal.
So for dead.
Now add a state where I will simply set error to null initially and in here I will then set were called
this set state and set error.
Q The error I'm getting here back from firebase and this happens to be an object which also contains
an error message on the message property.
You can simply Konsole lock that error to see how this object looks like.
So now I'm setting that error here.
Once we.
Well Godwine Now what else.
All to do is add a new Interesse setter for a request.
So they call us and I'm not really interested in the request but there's one thing I want to do in there.
I want to call this said state and clear any errors so that whenever I send the request I don't have
my error set up anymore so that I definitely clear it here.
So now on the mobile I will only show it if this state error is not null essentially.
And that in there I can output this state error and then again there will be a message property on the
error object returned by firebase there just one more thing we have to do.
The modal component we create it also exposes the click property which occurs when we click the backdrop.
And in this case of course I also want to clear the error because then we click the modal.
I don't want to show it any more.
I have to get rid of the error so the ad clicked here and there I will call a method.
I have to create in my with error handler component or name it error or confirmed handler.
This simply is a method where able to call this set state and set error to null two.
And I will assign it here this error confirmed handler.
Now with this set up here there's one more thing I want to do.
Does state error message which I'm outputting here will throw an error initially because the mold component
is always present even if we don't show it there.
So what I'll do is ultimately at turn their expression where else say this state error questionmark
only if it does not.
Now then I'll output that otherwise all output null so output nothing.
Now with that if I save this and go back to the application will get cannot read Property interceptors
which makes sense because we try to run this on.
X yes but we don't receive X is we expect to get it as an argument.
But in the Bergere Buller where I use with error handler I'm only passing the burger Boulter component
the wrapped component.
So here I simply have to pass x years which we are importing here and which is our x' instance.
Now with that there's one more thing we have to do in our intercessors We of course have to return something
when sending the request.
We have to return the request conflict so that the request can continue.
And for the response I also want to implement the response handler here where I simply returned a response
does the shortest possible syntax for doing that.
Now with that if we save all of that and we go back to the application and we add a burglar.
This should still work.
It does.
We can still save a burger.
Now let's mess something up and let's see if that also works in the Broga builder container where we
sent the request.
If we now change that you r l and maybe remove the dot Jason which I said is a valid or an important
part of the API endpoint of forward a firebase database we're sending the request to year.
So if we remove that it should fail.
So now if we try to store a burger we indeed get a network error message here.
Now closing by clicking on the backdrop doesn't work though.
Let's quickly check why this is the case.
Let me quickly have a look.
I'm using the wrong prop in the motile of course clicked is for the backdrop that prop the backdrop
exposes the motile then uses modal closed dishonesty method.
We try to execute here.
So this is the property we should implement.
So modal closed is the correct problem.
Now with that again if we try to send this with the wrong you are l we get the error.
But we can dismiss it.
So now we got global error handling in place and I'm going to fix that order as you are Allegan.
So now we're handling both the success case anti-euro case we're showing a lower as long as needed.
And with that we get a robust application with a reusable higher order component which we can wrap around
any component which uses axes to handle its errors.